# pandas-challenge
- Upon doing some digging in the dataset, one of the biggest discoveries is the number of students that have the same name throughout the 15 schools listed. When doing the first calculations of the total amount of students in the dataset, the number of students totals 39170. However, when you adjust the count based on the uniqueness of each student’s name, the total ends up being 32715. After taking an extensive look at the “student_complete” excel sheet, I noticed that while some names have multiple entries, they vary with where each student is located and, in some cases, what grade they are in. 

- Probably the biggest discovery of this data set is the correlation between school type and the percentage of students overall passing. You'll notice that out of all the schools that have a percentage of students overall passing at over 55% are all charter schools. Now at first glance it could be assumed that this synergy is mostly due all district type schools having a population of over 2000 students, but there is one charter type school in the data set that has an overall population of over 2000 students, Wilson High School. This school not only has an overall percentage of students overall passing at 90.5%, but it’s also operating on a budget that is $578 per student, which is lower than all district school types and even lower than some charters. This leads me to believe that something in the way that each school type is operated is the main factor in the overall passing of students. One type of school that would help prove or debunk this theory is a district school type that has a population of less than 2000 students to see how it compares to the rest of the schools. 

Daniel Morgan  
